Updating SEO articles (#5515)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/best-open-source-feature-flag-tools.md

If you want to run experiments as well, we recommend reading our guide to the [best open-source A/B testing tools](/blog/best-open-source-ab-testing-tools).

## 1. PostHog

![PostHog](../images/blog/open-source-feature-flags/posthog-feature-flags.png)

> [PostHog](https://posthog.com) is an all-in-one [Product OS](https://posthog.com/product) that captures and visualizes all the data your team needs in one place. Complete with product analytics, feature flags, session recording, heatmaps, funnels and more, it’s a great choice if you want to build a comprehensive, data-driven product strategy, fast.

Reviewer: Do we want to send them to `app.posthog.com/signup` from here instead?

Author: No, it's not a natural journey to go direct to the signup page.

PostHog's [feature flags](https://posthog.com/docs/user-guides/feature-flags) also power its [experimentation suite](https://posthog.com/docs/user-guides/experimentation), so you can test product changes with A/B tests or define user segments for feature access. [Multivariate flags](https://posthog.com/docs/user-guides/feature-flags#multivariate-feature-flags-beta) allow you to test several variants of the same interchangeable elements.

> Recent additions to PostHog's feature flag product include support for JSON feature flags and the addition of feature flag support for Flutter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Recent additions to PostHog's feature flag product include support for JSON feature flag payloads and  support for Flutter.
```

### Who is PostHog for?

PostHog is built primarily for engineers and other product-minded teams. With all of your analytics in one place, everyone in the organization is empowered to examine and act on user data. You can also self-host PostHog Open Source, which is ideal for any company with stringent data privacy needs.

### Features and benefits

- Unlimited feature flags
- All-in-one analytics platform
- Easy to get set up (no SQL needed)
- A/B tests with PostHog’s experimentation suite
- Multivariate flags for several variations per test
- Target by user properties and percentage
- Free third-party apps to enrich your data

### How much does it cost?

> Feature flags are a core feature of all editions, including the open source release. While multivariate feature flags are limited to paid plans, PostHog Cloud is [free up to 1 million events every month](/pricing) and feature flags are included at no additional cost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Feature flags are a core feature of all editions, including the open source release. While multivariate feature flags are limited to paid plans, PostHog Cloud is [free up to 1 million events every month](/pricing) and unlimited feature flags are included at no additional cost.
```

Reviewer: Is "unlimited feature flags" appealing? I'm not fully convinced but might be worth in a comparison.

Flagsmith is covered by a BSD 3-clause open source license. You can [take a look at their GitHub](https://github.com/Flagsmith/flagsmith) to read more.

## 3. Harness

![Harness](../images/blog/open-source-feature-flags/harness.png)

> [Harness](https://harness.io/) is a Software Delivery Platform which uses AI to help development teams take their delivery pipeline to the next level. The feature flag module benefits from succinct user targeting and offers basic analytics to track the usage and impact of your features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Harness](https://harness.io/) is a software delivery platform which uses AI to help development teams take their delivery pipeline to the next level. The feature flag module benefits from succinct user targeting and offers basic analytics to track the usage and impact of your features.
```
